(Meloholic)
(Eunha University Job Fair)
- I almost missed today's lectures.
- Seol Ah!
Seol Ah!
I love you!
Let's love each other forever.
Awesome.
I love you, Seol Ah.
You must be so happy. He loves you so much.
Of course, I'm happy.
It's so embarrassing.
Say something!
He's waiting for your answer.
Hold on.
I love you too.
I love you more with my whole heart.
(Kiss Day, June 14th, 2014)
(Seol Ah)
The person you have
dialed cannot be reached...
That's strange. Did she change the code?
Hello. I'm the boyfriend of the girl next door.
Is it possible if you could keep this in the fridge?
I was going to leave it at the door,
but I was afraid that it might melt as it's a cake with whipped cream.
Thank you.
It seemed like he was also preparing a surprise party.
Seol Ah will be so surprised when she sees the cake.
(I love you, Seol Ah.)
Did you really make this?
I'm so touched.
It's so delicious.
Why don't you...
stay with me tonight?
Oh gosh.
I'm not ready yet.
Let's break up.
What a horrible joke.
You shouldn't joke like this.
The person you have dialed cannot be reached at this moment.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Don't ever call me again.
Why are you doing this?
Do I have to explain it?
How would I know if you don't tell me?
Exactly.
You don't know how women think.
You...
don't know how women think.
You don't know how women think.
Is she breaking up with me...
just because I don't know...
how women think?
If I knew you well,
you wouldn't have left me like this.
I wouldn't have died like this.
You could have told me then.
What did I do wrong?
What's wrong with not knowing how women think?
Is that such a big crime?
How would I know what you think?
I can't hear or see how you think.
How would I know?
(I will kill them all.)
What was that?
In Heukseok-dong, Dongjak-gu,
a young woman in her 20s was found dead...
in her studio apartment this morning.
The police started investigating the case.
She was found naked in her bath tub.
However, the police thinks that she was murdered.
Reporter Yoon Mi Ra will explain in details.
In Heukseok-dong, Dongjak-gu, Seoul,
a young woman in her 20s was found dead in her studio apartment.
The police was informed at 6am in the morning.
The police arrived at the scene...
Parents nag me if I don't date anyone.
They nag me if I don't get married.
They nag me if I don't get pregnant.
They nag me all the time.
It was my mistake to put myself into this.
Sir, are you awake?
Gosh. You were mugged in the middle of the night.
Your life is also a mess.
Excuse me. Why are you cursing?
Pardon? Was I?
How did he know?
You kept complaining and cursing about your life.
And you were cursing me out too.
No, sir. I didn't do such a thing.
I don't know how to curse.
No. You were good at it.
I said it wasn't me. Why are you saying that?
Your doctor will be here soon. Please wait.
Wait a minute.
What was that?
Excuse me. Where is room 512?
This is the fourth floor.
You have to go up one more floor.
Gosh. Thank you so much.
Boys are so weak these days. He's pale and so skinny.
I wonder if he does his job properly at night.
Ma'am, what did you just say?
I thanked you.
No. After that.
You looked at me and said something.
What? I didn't say anything.
He's so handsome.
- Right? - He's my style.
- He looks so handsome today. - I wonder why.
- Hello. - Thank you for the coffee.
That's...
What's going on?
I see myself.
I can see the enemy.
I can also see the whole world.
People who are awake can see everything.
This is how mind reading works.
Mind reading.
I think I can read minds.
No way.
You remember nothing?
- Nothing at all? - No.
Well,
I remember grabbing his foot like this.
- And... - And?
Wasn't there something else after that?
Sir.
Whenever I touch someone,
I can hear the person's thoughts.
I can also see how people think.
I think that...
after the incident, I learned mind reading.
You know what mind reading is, right?
Okay. Get some rest.
Please contact me when you remember anything.
Take care.
- Sir. - Yes?
Please look into my eyes.
This is strange.
Why can't I hear his thoughts?
Eun Ho.
I've heard. Are you okay now?
Yes. I feel fine.
That's good. I will see you later.
I knew it. Mind reading doesn't work.
I think I was crazy for a while.
Hey.
Let's break up.
Why?
What's the reason?
You don't know what women think.
You could just tell me then.
I am good at...
learning things.
Please wait for me.
Thank you.
He's not my style.
- Sorry? - Sorry?
What did you just... Never mind.
- Who is this jerk? - He looks so dumb.
- I want to take my bra off. - It's so hot today.
- The lift is going up. - Don't push me.
(- I want to go to the toilet. - I want to go travel.)
I didn't shave my legs. Oh no.
(I want to skip the lectures.)
I want to have chicken feet today.
I want to take my bra off.
(I want to buy a purse.)
Gosh. They are so noisy. What was that all about?
Why is this happening again?
Your doctor will be here soon. Please wait.
Wait a minute.
Thank you.
Women.
It only works on women.
Excuse me, ma'am.
What's wrong with him? How did he pee like that?
He peed so strongly.
Can't you pee properly?
If I could,
I would have kicked you in the groin.
You don't know how women think.
Seol Ah.
Seol Ah. I know you're in there. Please open up.
Seol Ah. Seol Ah.
What on earth are you doing?
You must be sad that I didn't know...
how you think, right?
- What? - Don't worry.
I handled everything.
You don't need to say anything from now on.
Because I can hear what you think.
No. It can't be.
- I must be wrong, right? - What are you talking about?
Who is it?
You guys can talk. I will come back later.
Did you break up with me...
because of him?
No.
I broke up with you because of you.
Then who is that guy?
He's someone I know.
I told him that it's scary to be alone, and he came.
He's like my brother from when I was little.
He's like your brother?
Didn't you see it?
Didn't you see the barricade tape at the next door?
A few days ago, the girl next door...
Do you sleep with someone...
who is like your brother?
What?
Don't you dare lie to me.
I can find out what you're thinking if I want to.
- What is he saying? - Tell me the truth.
Who is he?
What were you guys doing?
Please.
Please tell me nothing's going on between you two.
If you say that,
I will trust you.
Sorry.
(Eun Ho)
That's strange. Did she change the code?
It's nothing.
Hold on. One second.
I'm good now.
(Let's break up.)
You're bleeding.
You're bleeding. Are you okay?
- You little... - What?
You're sorry?
You broke up with me by text while sleeping with someone,
and you're sorry?
How did you know that?
You don't know the least of what's called common courtesy.
You are such a bad person.
And you are such a low-life.
Okay then.
Then I guess I don't need to explain any further.
Please leave.
How can you do this to me?
Did you ever like me?
What about you? Did you ever like me?
Of course. I liked you so much.
You liked yourself, not me.
What?
You liked doing surprise events in front of people.
You shouted that you loved me in front of people.
You gave me the bag and hairpin that you made yourself.
You also gave me...
the tampon you made yourself.
When did I ever ask for those?
I hate receiving handmade gifts.
Have you ever tried to...
find out what I like?
See? You didn't like me.
You just wanted to be a devoted boyfriend.
You're wrong.
I tried everything I could to make you happy.
You cannot...
learn about love from textbooks.
It's not an exam...
that you can be rewarded from liking somebody.
Don't you get it?
It's not an exam...
that you can be rewarded from liking somebody.
Don't you get it?
What's wrong with...
trying my best?
She's so mean.
He's such a jerk.
What are you looking at?
Is it your first time to see a drunk girl...
who just got dumped?
He's a jerk.
Me? Why are you saying that?
I liked him so much.
I liked him a lot.
How can he disappear like that?
He's such a jerk.
I got dumped today as well.
I finally know...
what she likes...
or what she hates even if she doesn't tell me.
But it's useless now.
I really liked her with my everything.
She said that liking somebody...
isn't all about trying hard.
What on earth are you talking about?
It's like a miracle...
to be able to like somebody.
It's right to like somebody...
with everything you have.
Right?
I wasn't wrong, right?
Of course, you weren't.
Let's drink to that.
Here. Drink it.
You don't need to be sad over that kind of girl.
Just forget her.
- Drink it. - What?
Bottoms up.
You are drinking too much.
That's mine.
No. This is mine.
Get your own drinks.
Hey.
Are you drunk?
Do you want to...
know something cool?
What is it?
Actually,
I can hear people's thoughts...
if I hold hands like this.
Oh gosh. Really?
Okay. Try it on me.
What am I thinking right now?
There are 2 people, not 1.
Take a guess.
There are really 2 people.
Hey, you.
You shouldn't sleep here.
Get up.
Where is she?
What? Who?
There was a girl with me.
What are you talking about?
Are you still drunk?
Gosh.
The unemployment of young people is a big problem.
(You're crazy.)
"You're crazy"?
You're crazy.
("Studies of Criminology")
So you're saying that if you hold a person with your right hand,
you can hear the person's thoughts?
Yes. Sometimes, I can see things too.
But not always what I want to see.
It only works on women?
Hold on. I have a senior who went to the same college as me.
She's a psychiatrist.
I'm telling you the truth.
It's okay.
Stress can make you feel that way. It's normal.
Here it is. Doctor Kim.
It's also popular to receive a psychological counselling.
What can I do to make you trust me?
Would you trust you if you were me?
You need some professional help.
You guys must be having a talk.
I will come back later.
Professor.
What do you think of Professor Kim?
What?
What's wrong with him?
What was that all about?
Did you have to embarrass me in front of everyone?
What is wrong with asking you to swap our lecture rooms...
when I had more students than your class?
Don't you think it would be more productive...
to figure out what to teach for your students...
instead of complaining about your lecture room?
You were a scumbag since when we were in college.
And one more thing.
You are still sexy.
Can we delay the next lecture for 10 minutes?
I didn't want to know that.
- What's wrong with him? - What?
I don't know.
He kept saying that he sees things.
"You were a scumbag since when we were in college."
"And one more thing."
"You are still sexy."
Can we delay the next lecture for 10 minutes?
That's not it. He kept saying something strange.
Can you trust me now?
Yes! Yes!
- Hello, sir. - Hello, sir.
Hello guys.
Don't skip your lectures.
I told you not to do that.
What do I do?
Why are you worried?
You are blessed to have your hands.
It's like a gift from the above.
How can it be a gift...
when I even see the things that I don't want to?
Stop with the nonsense already.
Hi, guys.
Think about it.
Imagine yourself holding girls' hands...
and asking what they want to do.
Then they will tell you what they want to do.
The places that they want to visit or the things that they want to do.
Or if they want to do it tonight or not.
I'm so jealous.
Then,
I can also change people's mind.
Don't.
Young man, dream big.
You can already win every woman's hearts.
Think of it.
Kim Hye Soo,
Jun Ji Hyun, and Song Hye Kyo.
That's not everything. You can also go international.
Scarlett Johansson,
Jennifer Lopez, or even the princess of Monaco.
They said it's like winning the whole world...
if you can have all women.
You already have the whole world.
What should we do first?
Which major has the most female students?
Shall we go to Food and Nutrition course or dance classes?
Let's go.
But I enlisted myself in a fit of anger.
What?
Salute.
I've been dismissed from the army.
It's so good to see you all, my friends.
Oh no.
(Protecting Our Nation)
Hey.
Come here.
You have to do as I say.
Don't do any hard work.
Take care of your hands all the time.
Okay.
Our lives depend on your hands.
No. Your life depends on your hands.
You have to remember this.
Okay.
Take care.
You can go now.
Trainers, come forward.
Move quickly.
Faster! Now!
Dae Chul. When I get dismissed from the army,
I promise you that I will have the most awesome girlfriend.
- I'm going now. - Take care.
(May, 2017)
(3 years later)
(Job Fair)
She is so pretty.
I wish I could date her. I really want to date her.
Such a pervert. You're crazy.
Why would she date someone like you?
What? Can't I even dream about it?
I wonder who will date a girl like her.
He must be amazing.
He can't be compared to losers like us.
I want to take this home.
Stop it, you pervert.
You will kill yourself.
Excuse me.
Where is the Department of Psychology?
A submitted report says that they developed this study...
further and used for humans.
We try to prove to those interested in an unscientific area...
like supernatural powers with more scientific approach.
I believe this is the right attitude...
for us to have as psychology students.
This is the end of my presentation. Thank you.
That was a good presentation.
It must have been tough for you to catch up.
- Great work. - Thank you.
This is the end of today's lecture.
Who is she?
Are you done for today's lecture?
If you will excuse me, I just have to talk to him.
Jae Hee?
I love you, Eun Ho.
Is it okay for you to be here?
There are so many people.
How could you not call me after your discharge?
Didn't you miss me?
You look even prettier.
Wait.
One on the fourth floor. 11 o'clock.
One on the rooftop. Two o'clock.
The one on the rooftop is from Dispatch.
The other one is from your agency.
You want to have a scandal with a non-celebrity?
Isn't this scandal too small to cover...
your previous cheating scandal?
You want to look like you were waiting for my discharge?
It's quite different.
How did you know it?
It's obvious.
You look like a person that only listens to pop.
But you actually love opera.
You prefer warm refined rice wine on snowy days…
than wine.
On your day-off,
you secretly do volunteer work without telling your agency.
You look cold and smart.
However, you are actually very loving and indecisive.
You can't say no to guys that have feelings for you.
That's how you ended up cheating on them.
Can you be my boyfriend?
I told you already. I'm not interested in dating.
Why are you not interested?
Is there something wrong with you?
There is. It's one big problem.
Oh my gosh. Look at this.
- What is it? - Isn't this Eun Ho from Psychology?
- Isn't he? - I think he's dating her.
That's shocking.
I heard that he doesn't date anyone.
What do you mean?
He got into college in 2014. He is way older than us then.
How can he be younger?
That is...
Eun Ho!
Would you like to go watch a movie with me this weekend?
Sorry. I'm not interested in dating.
Eun Ho, if you are not busy,
- do you want to have lunch with me? - No.
I am not interested in dating.
Eun Ho. Do you want to...
Sorry. I'm not interested in dating.
Eun Ho. Don't forget me.
He never dates anyone.
He doesn't date.
That's how people started referring him.
But he now dates...
the idol singer, Jae Hee.
I should have asked him out.
- Eun Ho. - Eun Ho.
It will be quiet for a while.
I should have done this sooner.
Hey.
Get up.
What are you doing?
You might die.
Have a look at this.
This is from three years ago.
And this is from last week.
Do you see this white thing?
Do you see your blood vessels bursting?
It's okay to use your power from time to time.
But if you get too much information at once,
it will cause a burn out in your brain.
You kept feeling dizzy these days, right?
This might be the reason.
Dae Chul. I understand.
I will be careful. Stop nagging me.
Nagging?
Why did you dump Jae Hee? Who do you think you are? Why?
I was waiting for you to ask me.
What did you say to me before you went to the army?
You said you will date girls.
You said you will date awesome girlfriends.
You've dumped...
so many girls already.
Ha Na, Mi Sook...
6, 7... I don't have enough fingers to count them all.
What's the problem?
You lured them all.
Why don't you date them?
If I were you, I would have... Gosh.
What? What are you looking at?
Dae Chul. Imagine that you can hear what your girlfriend is thinking...
when you're making a move.
It's been 10 minutes already.
Don't waste your energy. Make a move.
- What's wrong? - Nothing. It's nothing
This is boring.
I want to go home and sleep after a shower.
You see? It's not good to know everything.
I can see them lying and pretending like they're innocent.
I can see everything.
I let it slip a few times.
If it repeats, you will be disappointed at the end.
After three years of experience, that's what I've learned.
How can a woman not act innocent?
We just have to ignore it.
Anyway, don't tell me to date girls from now on.
If you introduce me to someone different,
I might consider dating her.
You mean like a rude girl?
No, she needs four qualities.
She must not pretend, put on an innocent face, lie,
and cannot be predicted.
In short,
I'll date only if I can fall in love with her soul.
There's no such woman in the world.
Exactly. I don't think there is.
(Criminal Investigation)
Gosh. You surprised me.
You know me, right?
I do know you.
I knew it.
How do you know me?
From where and why?
I saw you earlier.
Don't talk.
I don't want to know it.
No.
You asked me first, and you don't want to hear it.
I don't care where, why, and how we met.
It wasn't me.
You should therefore forget me totally.
Right now. Okay?
And...
Let's pretend like we don't know each other at school.
Who is that psycho?
She looks familiar somehow.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday, dear my darling.
- Happy Birthday to you. - Happy Birthday to you.
You are the biggest present from above.
Thank you for being born.
Thank you so much.
What is this? Is this a present?
I love you, baby.
This is so wonderful. This is so cute.
- Right? - I love the necklace too.
Gosh. Stupid couple.
It's not right to sit so close to each other in public.
I should break them apart...
like this.
Gosh.
Excuse me.
You have to clean up the mess you guys made.
Baby, do you feel tired now?
No. I'm good.
People are looking.
I don't care.
I don't care either.
What an eyesore.
How could he date someone while he was in the army?
- That's amazing. - Don't you know it?
He's from the same troop as Eun Ho.
He went on a blind date during his holiday.
But he got dumped harshly.
He could not...
eat or sleep for days.
I think I can help you.
Show her to me just for once.
I've heard a lot about you.
I just wanted to say hi.
I am Eun Ho. Please take good care of him.
Sure.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Shall we have chicken?
I want half fried and half with sauce.
This story of miracle spread...
really fast inside the army.
All the soldiers did as Eun Ho told them to.
The girls who left them...
came back to see them again.
- Yoo Eun Ho. - Yoo Eun Ho.
Even the soldiers who did not have girlfriends met girlfriends...
before they were discharged.
This is a legendary story.
Everyone knows about this legendary story.
Listen.
Jae Hee did a concert at his army, and she met him there.
Gosh. You are so mean.
I respect this legend.
- Hold on. - Where are you going?
Excuse me. Hello.
I am a junior in Psychology.
I remember you, Byung Cheol.
We met in a lecture a while ago.
Please help me.
He's Eun Ho from Psychology.
Are you okay?
I am okay.
What do I do? I am not okay.
Sorry?
You got injured.
I am sorry, but I'm not okay with this.
She's Kim Go Eun and came to the college in 2015.
I like your name.
No way.
Kim Go Eun studies fashion.
Did she really say that she didn't know me?
You should have told me that you guys don't know each other.
For a case like this, we have to plan things...
She's lying.
We spent so many nights together.
I did everything for her.
How can she say that she didn't know me?
Byung Cheol, are you okay?
Hey. Byung Cheol!
They spent nights together?
This case was on March 3, 2014. Kim Yoon Hee was 22 years.
She was found dead in her bathtub.
She was strangled.
They could not find...
the victim's fingerprints or evidence.
There were none of those in the scene.
From this, we can tell that it was planned ahead.
Three months after the incident,
on June 14, 2014,
a 25-year-old woman named Lee Sun Mi,
was found dead in the bathtub.
June 14th?
Sadly,
there were only fake security cameras in the building,
so it was impossible to trace the murderer.
(I will kill everyone.)
Do you think that these two girls were...
killed by the same murderer?
Raise your hands if you think they were.
Okay.
Kim Go Eun from the Department of Fashion.
What? Is she also taking this class?
Kim Go Eun.
Yes?
Why is she Go Eun?
Who was the other girl then?
You think that they were killed by the same killer.
Can you explain?
I think it can happen again.
Since the killer is still not caught,
there is a possibility that he will kill someone again.
It can happen now as well.
Therefore, it is right that they were both killed by the same killer.
Go Eun!
- What is it? - Who is it?
- Go Eun. - What's going on?
Where is this sound coming from?
Sir, come and look here.
Go Eun.
(I love you, Go Eun.)
- Who is he? - Is he crazy?
Hey. Stop it now.
Byung Cheol, please calm down.
- Come down. - Hey!
Come down now.
I gave everything to you.
I did everything as you said.
But why are you ignoring my heart?
Please let me be next to you.
I am already too into you.
Go Eun.
Please take my heart.
I brought her.
She is Kim Go Eun.
- What's going on? - Go Eun?
You are not Go Eun.
Who are you then?
(Meloholic)
It feels so different from other girls.
What are you doing?
Gosh. He's driving me crazy.
I think there's something since she says it's her personal life.
You got here now?
She flirted with me.
Gosh.
You are very new and sexy.
What's the point of having the power if you don't know how to use it?
Why is this happening?
I will protect you...
like today.
Come back to your senses.
Won't you give me one last chance?